README.md, before:

<h1 align='center'>Tickitz !<br>Ticket Booking Application</h1>

![alt text](https://github.com/budimanindra/tickitz-mobile/blob/main/sstickitz1.png?raw=true)
![alt text](https://github.com/budimanindra/tickitz-mobile/blob/main/sstickitz2.png?raw=true)
<br>
<br>

## Introduction

[![React Native](https://img.shields.io/badge/react%20native-v0.64.0-blue)](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/)

<p align='justify'>Tickitz is a movie ticket online booking application. With this app you can book showing movies in various cities and know upcoming movies. This app built with React Native..</p>

## Requirements

1. <a href="https://nodejs.org/en/download/">Node Js</a>
2. Node_modules `npm install` or `yarn install`

## How to Install

1. Download this Project or you can type `https://github.com/budimanindra/tickitz-mobile.git`
2. Open app's directory in CMD or Terminal
3. Type `npm install` or `yarn install`
4. Type `react-native run-android`
5. Register your own account
6. Login to use

## Download the APK

You can Download the APK [`here`](http://bit.ly/tickitz)

## License

© [Indra Budiman](https://github.com/budimanindra/ ' Indra Budiman')

Commit message:

added transaction history, validation, fix readme

README.md, after:

<h1 align='center'>Tickitz !<br>Ticket Booking Application</h1>

![alt text](https://github.com/budimanindra/tickitz-mobile/blob/main/sstickitz1.png?raw=true)
![alt text](https://github.com/budimanindra/tickitz-mobile/blob/main/sstickitz2.png?raw=true)
<br>
<br>

## Introduction

[![React Native](https://img.shields.io/badge/react%20native-v0.64.0-blue)](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/)

<p align='justify'>Tickitz is an application that helps people to online booking for movies. With tickitz you can easily book showing movies in various cities and know details of upcoming movies. Tickitz packed with many features like upcoming and showing movie details, availability seat info, order history and details, update user profile. This app was built with the latest technology such as React Native, Express JS, Node JS, Redux, and MySQL</p>

## Requirements

1. <a href="https://nodejs.org/en/download/">Node Js</a>
2. Node_modules `npm install` or `yarn install`

## How to Install

1. Download this Project or you can type `https://github.com/budimanindra/tickitz-mobile.git`
2. Open app's directory in CMD or Terminal
3. Type `npm install` or `yarn install`
4. Type `react-native run-android`
5. Register your own account
6. Login to use

## Download the APK

You can Download the APK [`here`](http://bit.ly/tickitz-mobile)

## License

© [Indra Budiman](https://github.com/budimanindra/ ' Indra Budiman')
